---
layout: post
title: I'm up. And Running.
published: true
---
I've finally sat my butt down to do some writing. How I got here, or when I got here, or where here is... There's a lot to go through. I used to be a lot more organized with my thoughts back in high school. Less interesting things to do with my time, more motivation to write and reflect. Then I got into college, a statistical fortune. I stopped writing as much. The writing I did then was really bitter I think. I'd gone through a lot of emotional heartache those years. But I had an extremely enjoyable time outside of my lack of a decent love life. And then my 4th and 5th year happened. We'll be talking about that quite a bit in passing. Right now, I'm just going to get a handle on the current situation and answer these questions I've left.

I'm in York, Pennsylvania right now at a Starbucks across the Days Inn motel I'm staying at for a few days. There's about 2 weeks left of the unpaid leave I've taken till I have to return to my job. Which, frankly, I think I'll quit. I've been employed there for about 2.5 years and it's taken a toll on me. A lot of crunch time, being on-call, coworkers shuffling and leaving, dreading every Monday, work never leaving my mind; the work I had to do wasn't valued, and worst of all, I did not care for it either. I built up some extreme anxiety over my own ability, competence, and whatnot. The thoughts that I'm not good enough or I can't handle it.. They're common I think. but still really real to me as they would be to anyone else. Some doctors' visits and medications later, I'm traveling around parts I'd never otherwise. I wanted to get away for a bit. Be socially isolated for a while, have complete silence around me, no stimuli from my current life, to pause and think.. what I want to do with my life.

Anthrocon was my first definite destination. I'd gone to a couple furry conventions before but more as a spectator. Only within the past half year I've been getting involved with the fandom. Creating an image of me as a wolf. I've strongly identified as one since I was very young and thought werewolves, monsters, and such were so cool. And I wanted to be cool.